cookie I can have style today we're in
my kitchen because we're going to cook
and we're going to cook one of my
favorite Korean dishes picking up
pipi means mix but means rice so
basically it's a mixed rice dish where
you have a bowl of rice with the
different types of vegetables around and
some kind of protein like beef or
chicken or egg for a vegetarian option
and today we're going to make it my way
because we're going to make her a pizza
with a Moroccan twist so let's start
first we're going to prepare all our
ingredients little by little so there
are some kind of preparation but don't
worry it's very easy here I have a
carrot so just peel your carrot nothing
hard
so far so culture the carrot and then
cut it in a julienne style so just still
a slice it if the carrot is big slice it
again so you have thinner sticks like
that now we're going to do the same
thing for the zucchini so have a Sakina
here at the bottom and the tip and then
cutting it half quarter it and thinly
slice you can keep them like this or
just put them together and cut them in
half again we're also going to use
mushrooms I'm using some sort of trumpet
mushrooms you can use shiitake mushrooms
or regular white mushrooms and again
we're going to thinly slice them we're
not done with the vegetables yet I have
a fresh spinach and a half bean sprout
so as you can see
is really healthy pick the vegetables
you like and now I'm going to show you
how to cook them it's super easy for the
spinach boil some water in a saucepan
and then just put the spinach in for
like around 1 minute
after 1 minute remove the spinach from
the boiling water and put it in cold
water that also has ice so you have an
ice cube here that will make the spinach
stay green and crisp and we want that so
keep it here for 2 minutes and then
we're going to remove it while this
finish is cooling down and a pinch of
salt a large pinch of salt in the
boiling water and add the bean sprouts
to it so we're going to boil them for
around 15 minutes back to the spinach
just take it from the cold water and
give it a good squeeze and that's it
it's ready I'm going to sautee the
zucchini carrot and mushroom using the
Moroccan charmoula spices and that's the
Moroccan twist here I have some cumin
paprika hot chili pepper spicy and some
salt and a little bit of crushed garlic
and we're going to do this with olive
oil super easy so first mix all the
spices here so you just have to add a
pinch of this mixture in a flat pan
drizzle a little bit of olive oil and a
little bit of crushed garlic and a
little bit of our spice mixture this is
to heat up the spices of all the flavors
colors
and now we're going to saute the
vegetables separately so first I'm going
to start with the zucchini and I'm just
going to saute for like 45 seconds
okay remove the zucchini put it in a
plate and we're going to do the same
thing for the carrots so a little bit of
olive oil garlic a little bit of spices
and and we're going to just saute them
for like a minute
remove the carrots here oh all crispy
mmm again we're going to do the same
thing for the mushroom
so tell them again for like one minute
it should be fun for my protein I'm
using shrimp so I just cleaned a little
bit the pan I put olive oil and my
peeled fresh shrimp here I'm going to
use a little bit of lemon juice like a
fresh squid and I'm not going to add the
shahrullah spices on the shrimp because
I think the other vegetables are already
flavorful so just a little bit of salt
and a little bit of pepper
there's my pepper and that's it then the
dish will get the Sharmila crisis from
the vegetables shrimp cook pretty fast
so as soon as it turns like opak and
pink it's ready so remove it from the
juices and just keep the shrimp one more
thing for the spinach just give it a
little shot you don't want these they're
too hard to eat but chop the rest as you
can see it's a very easy recipe and here
I have all my ingredients and they're
all super healthy and now I'm going to
show you how to put the people back
together first we're going to put cooked
rice here
so for cooked rice I mean you can use
any kind of rice you want white rice
brown rice you can use a rice cooker or
it's 1 cup of rice 2 cups of water a
little bit of salt a little bit of olive
oil you close it and you cook it for 20
minutes I'll be fine
now I'm going to display the vegetables
nicely around the rice so first I'll put
some carrots here and zucchini some bean
sprouts and of course remove them from
the water once they finish boiling I
have the mushrooms also young you can
see all these beautiful colors and
different
textures I love this dish we have this
spinach here a little bit of green and
finally the protein and you put the
protein in the center energy finish the
Moroccan touch I'm going to sprinkle it
with a little bit of fresh chopped
cilantro yon and give a little bit of
color and center just works with
Sharmila spices so this is perfect and
that's it
here is my TV back with a Moroccan twist
you can serve it hot or cold so you can
prepare the vegetables beforehand and
just serve em at the end all right after
you cook them like I showed you also be
careful with the salt there are a couple
of things that I didn't salt like the
spinach and the best press is because I
added a little extra salt in the shrimp
so I know when you mix it up if all the
flavors of burst will be mixed together
so the spices you have to be careful
about that when you're using different
types of ocean of them different tons of
cooking and that's it look how pretty it
is and now we're going to mix this empty
just mix all the stuff here together
with the rice yummy so the thing is in
Korea they serve it with Korean hot
sauce which is like a red hot sauce red
pepper hot sauce um it's too spicy for
me sometimes I like it like this however
you can replace the Korean hot sauce
with harissa yes it would be perfect now
that's real fusion so you mix mix mix
using chopsticks here mm-hmm
you just
yeah take a little spinach with a little
here
Wow
I could feel camellia and Morocco both
punching out in my mouth young is
delicious mmm I love you delicious I
hope you enjoyed and benefited see you
next time